---
title: "APPSeCONNECT 2022 Release"
description: "Experience the power of automation and integration modernization with the lastest features of APPSeCONNECT and its enhancements."
keywords: "product release version 5.0.0, latest features, latest release"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    AECreleasenotes:
        title: "2022"
        weight: 1
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: Q1Release2022
---

**Product Release Version : 5.0.0** 

Release notes were published and last revised on October 2021. 
Updates in this release include **New Feature Development** & other **APPSeCONNECT Enhancements**. 
Log in to the portal to access the latest version of Processflow, other updated functionalities and many more. 
Download the updated version of **APPSeCONNECT AGENT** to implement this updated release. 
The following section list the updates on APPSeCONNECT, as on March 2022 release.

# Highlights of the release features

**Release Details** 

As we have already released our **ProcessFlow** which has replaced our existing way of integration delivery in the platform, but the product was still in **BETA**. 
Here in this release, we have upgraded the feature to general availability and released it for you to use.

## New Features

### Visual Designer

APPSeCONNECT Designer section provides the canvas for designing the ProcessFlows. 
It is an integrated development environment which gives access to various nodes and links, which helps in orchestrating the data flow between applications, data sources or services. 
The Apps in APPSeCONNECT are listed in the left toolbar which can be dragged and dropped in the canvas to access data from it, or you can use our technology apps to create a connection between other data sources. 
We divide the whole Integration life cycle into 3 phases. 

- Design 
- Deploy 
- Manage

### Event Based Integration 

Till now we have performed integration using various rules to sync the latest data in APPSeCONNECT. 
Now onwards the event-based **Triggering** type of Start Node solved this. 
The use of callback section in Webhook to the external application notifies about data updating. 
The webhook is nothing but a request from the application which waits for a Response to identify the success or failure of the execution. 
The Request Response node may be placed anywhere in the pipeline and based on the logic data sync process continues. 
As a result of it, the user can recognize notifications during return response to the parent application after receiving the data by **Get** Node. 
Thus, the integration now became independent of Action Filter as the Get Node will never be called for data update. 

### Link Ordering 

Ordering of links is important to specify the execution order of an integration. 
The link ordering notifies the path of the data synchronization during the integration process. 
The user may update the ordering as and when required without affecting the execution process. 

### Execution tracker 

Execution tracker guides the step by step data flow during the integration including the execution errors.

### Mapper node & other app node 

Process Flow designer may like to use a variable in app nodes to consume the run time data of the variable. 
To use in mapping user may either do the mapping using syntax - ${Variable} or may map data types along with **generic**, **AppResource** and **CloudAppResource** values. 

### Registering URL 

Registering URL provides a unique and one-time configurable name for your organization while working for the first time with **Cloud Hosting** Environment. 
Afterwards the URL will remain the same while working with event based Procesflows in the same organization. 

### Sync Info 

Sync info enlightens real-time execution status of any processflow which may fetch errors with respect to data configurations. 

### Snapshots 

Snapshot gives a complete overview of the transactions that were executed. 
It is basically a detailed view of execution time and status. 
Users may view the node wise data and activity logs including the transaction file. There is a refresh icon in the snapshot. 
It will refresh the list of snapshot iterations. 

### Sync Info - Snapshot Link 

Sync Info - Snapshot link provide node wise transaction details including the following :

- Node Name 
- Source ID 
- Destination ID 
- Status 
- Timestamp
- Tries

### Repositories 

Users may manage **reference tables** in the **lookup repository** to maintain static data required for integration. Also, repositories can be utilized as follows :

- Import Data
- Export Data
- CRUD operations on Repositories
- Attach to deployment

### Rule 

In APPSeCONNECT we have introduced a new rule i.e. **error email notification**. 
This notification will be activated during errors occurred in transactions or backups or reaching certain thresholds of your subscription limits. 

### Marketplace

##### Create internal version for ProcessFlow 

Designing, deploying and managing processflows guided us about the marketplace in our platform which provides the user with a set of pre-packaged process flows targeting solutions to a specific business problem. 
Whenever we create a ProcessFlow first time, a version is automatically created when we perform **Save** with version. 
Logged in users will have access to the latest version of the ProcessFlow only, also they have the permission to **Copy** the latest version of the ProcessFlow. 
Package creation and deployment will always perform using the latest version ProcessFlow. 

##### Review from Approver with comment 

**Marketplace** in the main menu will viewed to the Approver user. 
There are a few sections available here such as **Waiting for Approval**, **Approved**, **Withdrawal**, **Rejected** and **Responded**. 
Each section has its own self-describable structure. 
The unique named packages waiting for approval can be shared with any of the organizations after getting approved by the product owner. 
Afterwards once approved, the approver user may update the package, **Package Name**, **Package description** and **version** of given package including add comment and apply for Re-Publish. 
The product owner will conclude whether the updating is relevant for the package or not and respond in that manner in the feed section. 

The list of all packages will be available under the **Approver** section. 
The logged in users and owner of the packages will have the option to view and install the packages. 
To access the latest version of a package, logged in user and the package owner will have to un-deploy existing deployed version and install newer version. 
Any changes made to the older ProcessFlow that installed from the previous version, will not allow update. 
After installing a package, a new folder will be created automatically under Installed ProcessFlow section with Package Name_Version. 
