---
title: "CRM"
description: "Brief introduction to CRM."
keywords: "crm, benefits of crm"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "Connectors"
menus: 
    applicationconnector:
        title: "CRM"
        weight: 2
        icon: fa fa-file-word-o
        identifier: crmsolution
---

`CRM` stands for “Customer Relationship Management” and refers to all strategies, software and technologies 
used by organizations for engaging, acquiring and retaining customers. `CRM` is a combination of business strategies, 
software and processes that enables companies to build long-lasting relationships with their customers.  

CRM software allows companies to automate customer-related workflows and ensure that all interactions 
with customers and prospects happen smoothly and efficiently across the entire customer journey. 
CRM software enables organizations to increase close rates, boost loyalty, and drive profits. 
With CRM software, companies can easily collect and manage customer data from multiple channels 
to build more precise customer profiles, provide personalized customer engagements and ensure 
maximum productivity of customer-facing teams.  

## How a CRM helps your business?

- **IDENTIFY AND CATEGORISE LEADS** - A `CRM` system can help you identify, add new leads easily 
and quickly, and categorise them accurately. By focusing on the right leads, sales can prioritise 
the opportunities that will close deals, and marketing can identify leads that need more nurturing 
and prime them to become quality leads. 

- **INCREASE REFERRALS FROM EXISTING CUSTOMERS** - By understanding your customers better, cross-selling 
and upselling opportunities become clear — giving you the chance to win new business from existing customers.  

- **OFFER BETTER CUSTOMER SUPPORT** - A `CRM` system can help you provide the high-quality service 
that customers are looking for. Your agents can quickly see what products customers have ordered, 
and they can get a record of every interaction so they can give customers the answers they need quickly. 

- **IMPROVE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES** - A good CRM system will gather information from a huge variety of 
sources across your business and beyond. This gives you unprecedented insights into how your customers feel 
and what they are saying about your organisation; such that you can improve what you offer, spot problems early, 
and identify gaps.  