---
title: "Easyship"
toc: true
description: "Get to know how you can configure Easyship credential in OP agent, APIs, Actions and its filter."
keywords: "Pre-requisites for Easyship Configuration, Configure the Easyship Application in OP Agent"
tag: developers
category: "Connectors"
menus: 
    applicationconnector: 
        icon: fa fa-gg
        weight: 34
        title: "Easyship"
        identifier: easyshipconnector
---

## What is Easyship?

`Easyship` is a `cloud-based shipping platform` designed for global eCommerce. 
The all-in-one system provides users with tools to manage domestic and international shipping 
through more than 50+ couriers and shipping providers, including `DHL`, `UPS`, `USPS` and `FedEx`. 
Store sync integrations enable automatic updates of courier names and tracking number in eCommerce stores, 
and emailing of tracking information to customers. An eCommerce checkout plugin provides customers 
with real-time shipping rate calculations, which include any taxes and customs duties to be paid. 
Customs duties and taxes are calculated automatically for every country, with category-based calculations, 
automatic generation of tax documents, and the ability to decide whether the customer or seller will pay any applicable charges.   

### Key benefits of using Easyship

- `Easyship` offers a plugin which calculates shipping rates in real-time during the checkout process, 
providing customers with tailored shipping quotes using data from more than 250 shipping solutions.

- `Customs duties` and `taxes`, including `VAT` are automatically calculated for every country, 
with all tax documentation generated and users able to decide whether they or the customer will pay customs charges, 
taxes and duties.

- Store sync integrations enable automatic updates of courier names and tracking numbers in users’ eCommerce stores 
and order tracking emails can be sent out to customers automatically.

- The dashboard gives users visibility into shipping costs, delivery time, taxes and provides real-time tracking updates 
and notifications from all couriers.

- `Shipping rules` allows users to define rules for automatic courier selection based on `shipping destination`, 
`product type`, `item weight` and many more.      















