---
title: "Best Practices"
toc: true
tag: developers
description: "Best practice documents which lists common problems which one faces while doing integration"
keywords: "best practices, silver bullet, sync strategies, silver bullet, common issues, solutions, generic problems, ipaas best practices"
category: "best-practices"
menus: 
    header:
        title: "Best Practices"
        weight: 7
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: bp
---
If you are a software developer, you might have already heard of the term Best practices. The term best practice refers to a set of rules and regulations
that are generally industry approved and perform best when used for a particular problem statement. The best practices will guide you with some solutions
to the common problems such that you will get a comprehensive guidance to overcome a situation. 

# Why do we need Best Practices?

Integration is complex, and often require you to think about a problem to find solution to it. The best practices will give you ready made solutions which 
are either widely accepted by other integration specialists, or the one we have seen worked well for APPSeCONNECT. 

The best practices will give you guidance for preparing for a solution. It is not a silver bullet. Sometimes, the fit perfectly to the problem you are facing, while in some cases 
an amount of customization might be needed for getting into the solution. As an integration specialist, we need to be flexible to tweak the best practices
as and when required. 

In this section, you will find a number of document specifically targetting some regular issues. 

# Best Practice References

- [One way Sync Strategy](/best-practices/one-way-sync/)
- [Two way Sync Strategy](/best-practices/two-way-sync/)
- [RealTime way Sync Strategy](/best-practices/realtime-sync/)

If you could not find a solution to a particular problem, do let us know in comment section. 
