---
title: "Software Development Kit"
toc: false
description: "Getting Started with SDK"
keywords: "SDK, Software Development Kit"
tag: developers
category: "Getting Started"
menus: 
   gettingstarted:
        title: "SDK"
        weight: 10
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: sdkgs
---

APPSeCONNECT provides ready integrations and ready applications which will enable you to develop your own integration solution. We give you access to a huge library of 
line of business [application connectors](/connectors/overview-of-application-connectors/), as well as we give you [technlogy connectors](/connectors/Overview-of-technology-connectors/) which helps in connecting your APIs as and when required. But sometimes the requirements 
are not straight forward and does not match with any of standard protocols. Our SDK gives you power of extensibility such that you can develop a plugin whcih can be hooked to the platform
and give you results. 

## Low Code  VS Zero Code 

The word Zero code is a limitation to a platform. Integration is a complex process and it needs lot of flexibility as a citizen integrators which zero code integration platforms cannot 
accomplish. A zero code gives you limited functionality and cannot cater to some out of box scenario which may come to you at certain point. We provide SDK 
to give you flexibility and peace of mind as a citizen integrators such that you can develop your own code using any .NET language and tweak the solution 
according to your application requirements. Our platform gives you the power of reusability and hence you can also publish your own code in the platform 
using our Application registration wizard. 

* APPSeCONNECT gives you zero code solution for standard connectors.
* APPSeCONNECT gives you SDK to develop adapters for non-standard connectors.
* Zero code is a myth and acts as a limitation of a platform, while low code integration soliution way to go. 

##  What is an Adapter

Adapter in terms of APPSeCONNECT is a piece of software component external to the application core is plugged in to the system seamelessly such that the platform can communicate to the respective application. 

##  Getting started with SDK

APPSeCONNECT is a generic platform that helps a developer as well as an integration consultant to work on specific application, connecting them to the platform or even integrate data for business need. The SDK (Software Development Kit) is open publicly, which any potential developer can use to build a connect between an application or a protocol.
The APPSeCONNECT SDK is hosted using `Nuget` package which lets you download the package directly using Visual Studio.

[Learn more](/sdk/Overview-of-SDK/)