---
title: "Overview of APPSeCONNECT"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "Getting Started"
menus: 
    gettingstarted:
        title: "Overview of APPSeCONNECT"
        weight: 2
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: overview
---

APPSeCONNECT is a iPaaS which lets developer or citizen integrator to build integration solution such that the data could be 
seamlessly transferred through it. It acts as middleware between enterprise applications which transfers data from one application and 
updates it to all other line of business applications.

# Why APPSeCONNECT ? 

APPSeCONNECT is built with an objective of bringing the power of automation into business 
operations, unleashing productivity and growth across teams in your organization. 
It provides secured and powerful tooling capability which will let users create integrations 
between various bussiness applications. 
It allows to connect enterprise applications which are On-Premise or Cloud hosted, SAAS application,cloud services etc.

Some of the major features which stands out for APPSeCONNECT :

* Low Code Integration
* Powerful Pre-built Packages
* Eliminate Duplicate records
* Auto Heal feature
* Lossless Pause and Resume
* Powerful Designer
* Integration life cycle management tools
* Hybrid Integration Solution
* Full Cloud hosted infrastructure

## Enterprise Grade Solution

APPSeCONNECT provides enterprise grade platform which has provides powerful features and services to solve real world business problems 
such that anyone having techno-functional knowledge can integrate applications, data sources and services. APPSeCONNECT provides both 
Cloud - Based and On-premise based system integration which lets the application to connect both the worlds of business applications. 
The runtime system is designed for security, robustness, reliability and high performance. 

## What is Hybrid Integration Solution

APPSeCONNECT is both Hybrid as well as Cloud Integration solution. It is called a hybrid solution because the platform gives a readymade end-to-end service which 
can be re-configured and downloaded from the **APPSeCONNECT Cloud** while all the credentials remain intact in the systems own premise.

Today every alternate thing around us are changing and upgrading, this convergence era has given 
birth to eCommerce business. To nurture the e-business growth, there are the certain point you have to understand. 
Firstly, it is always advised to use the best of breed solution, as neither of eCommerce platform and ERP system 
can run the e-business efficiently. Here comes the role of APPsECONNECT which solves the below mentioned problems faced by customers : 
* This incredible sync's between your systems, give you a bi-directional platform.
* Offers you deep integration with prerequisite touch points.
* All the integration features are out of the box approach.
* Easy personalization as per your e-business requirements.

## Introduction to Business Process Automation

Business process automation(BPA) is defined as the methodology by which complex business processes and 
functions can be automated beyond conventional data manipulation and record-keeping activities, usually through the use of advanced 
technologies. It focuses on **run the business** as opposed to **count the business** types of automation efforts and often 
deals with event-driven, mission-critical and core processes.

### Need for Business Process Automation

* Enhances efficiency and productivity by removing pain-staking manual processes, eliminating bottleneck tasks 
and accelerate more high-level business processes between business units and everyone within your organisation.
* Improves turnaround time and reduces cost by accelerating internal operations.
* Enables tracking and monitoring business processes, which improves accountability, visibility and transparency.
* Allows to take  preventive measures against recurring errors by generating performance reports.
* Provides efficient and useful workforce allocation, since it can handle repetative and recurring tasks on its own.

## IPaaS as a tool for BPA

Integration Platform as a Service (iPaaS) is a suite of cloud services enabling development, execution and governance of integration 
flows connecting any combination of On-premise and Cloud-based processes, services, applications and data within individual or across 
multiple organizations.

An Integration Platform as a Service (iPaaS) is a smart Business Process Automation platform that allows seamless integration of 
various business applications used by an organization and 
enables the free flow of data across all channels of the business. An iPaaS serves as a BPA solution since it automatically connects 
two or more applications with each other and initiates bidirectional sync of data. Also, with the help of an iPaaS, organizations can 
automate their regular processes of sync and orders by setting up schedules.
With the growing trend of multi-application usage, the future of iPaaS seems to be rife with BPA as it seamlessly offers efficient 
automation for all departments of a business, much better than any other solution.
Not only that, but it also automates the related tasks such as ticketing, email notifications, lead entries, etc. within existing 
applications. Henceforth, iPaaS is considered as one of the best and most suitable Business Process Automation tools in the market.

**Note** : **iPaaS and Business Process Automation are two sides of the Same Coin**

### Features of IPAAS

* Accelerate Data Transformation - To ensure data integrity in all integrated applications, iPaaS handle the entire needs of data 
transformation.
* Connectivity and Integration - Connectors allow triggering integration workflows and receiving data from & pushing data to 
several diverse applications on-premise or cloud through various protocols.
* Routing & Orchestration - Routing feature routes data from one application to another in accordance with the configuration. 
It also orchestrates integration solutions and defines how & what data can go through configuration.
* Data Protection & Security - Provides robust security mechanisms like password protection, data encryption security certification, 
access control, session management, information security standards, and much more.
* Drag & Drop Interface - Provides easy-to-use interface, making available various drag and drop options by which users 
can build integrations and automate business process in a few clicks.

## Why APPSeCONNECT is an iPaaS

* Visual Designer to connect applications
* Pre-packaged applications and integrations
* Support for Generic Protocols like REST, FTP etc.
* Multiple mode of deployment
* Data Transformation
* Data Routing & Orchestration
* Advanced monitoring and reporting
* Software Development Kit

## Release Notes/Release Information

For latest updates on our product and checking the release notes,[Click Here](https://www.appseconnect.com/release-notes/)




